Feat: Introduce ValidationText has Icons #DS-1676 (#1948)
lmc-eu/spirit-design-system: packages/web/src/scss/components/FileUploader/README.md

</div>
```

> - To render validation text as a list, use `<ul>` element inside of `<div>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To render validation text as a list, use `<ul>` element inside of `.FileUploaderInput__validationText`.
```
